Cloudflare-DoH-Setup.md, before:

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/rbdy7w7.png" width=220px height=100px>

### Download cloudflare and extract it:

    wget https://bin.equinox.io/c/VdrWdbjqyF/cloudflared-stable-linux-arm.tgz && tar -xvzf cloudflared-stable-linux-arm.tgz

### Copy the cloudflare folder to /usr/local/bin/ and update permissions:
  
    sudo cp cloudflared /usr/local/bin/ && sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/cloudflared

Check Version:
    
    cloudflared -v
    
<p align="center">
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/Qe3ho9r.jpg">

### Create user:

    sudo useradd -s /usr/sbin/nologin -r -M cloudflared

### Download and save the cloudflare config file to /etc/default:
    
    cd /etc/default && sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/trinib/Adguard-Wireguard-Unbound-Cloudflare/main/cloudflared

### Set correct permissions on cloudflare:

    sudo chown cloudflared:cloudflared /etc/default/cloudflared && sudo chown cloudflared:cloudflared /usr/local/bin/cloudflared

### Download the cloudflare service file and save it to /lib/systemd/system:

    cd /lib/systemd/system && sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/trinib/Adguard-Wireguard-Unbound-Cloudflare/main/cloudflared.service

### Start cloudflare:
    
    sudo systemctl enable cloudflared && sudo systemctl start cloudflared

### Check status:

    sudo systemctl status cloudflared

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/AAOKv4L.jpg">

Commit message:

auto update cloudflare via cron script

Cloudflare-DoH-Setup.md, after:

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/rbdy7w7.png" width=220px height=100px>

### Download cloudflare and extract it:

    wget https://bin.equinox.io/c/VdrWdbjqyF/cloudflared-stable-linux-arm.tgz && tar -xvzf cloudflared-stable-linux-arm.tgz

### Copy the cloudflare folder to /usr/local/bin/ and update permissions:
  
    sudo cp cloudflared /usr/local/bin/ && sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/cloudflared

Check Version:
    
    cloudflared -v
    
<p align="center">
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/Qe3ho9r.jpg">

### Create user:

    sudo useradd -s /usr/sbin/nologin -r -M cloudflared

### Download and save the cloudflare config file to /etc/default:
    
    cd /etc/default && sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/trinib/Adguard-Wireguard-Unbound-Cloudflare/main/cloudflared

### Set correct permissions on cloudflare:

    sudo chown cloudflared:cloudflared /etc/default/cloudflared && sudo chown cloudflared:cloudflared /usr/local/bin/cloudflared

### Download the cloudflare service file and save it to /lib/systemd/system:

    cd /lib/systemd/system && sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/trinib/Adguard-Wireguard-Unbound-Cloudflare/main/cloudflared.service

### Start cloudflare:
    
    sudo systemctl enable cloudflared && sudo systemctl start cloudflared

### Check status:

    sudo systemctl status cloudflared

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/DTEPmy1.jpg">
 
 `ctrl + c` to exit status window
 
### IMPORTANT
The cloudflared tool will not receive updates through the package manager. However, you should keep the program update to date. You can either do this manually, or automatically with cron script.

Open cron file:
 
    sudo crontab -e
 
Paste command at end of file:
  
    0 3 * * 5 sudo cloudflared update && sudo systemctl restart cloudflared
