Dns-Service-Guide.md, before:


<h1 align="center"><b>Creating Dynamic DNS Hostname Service</b></a></h1>

<p align="center">
<b>You can choose any of these websites:</b>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.dynu.com/"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/0MUVjFU.png" width=220px height=60px></a>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://freedns.afraid.org/"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/wu29VlI.pngg" width=220px height=60px></a>

***I'm currently using dynudns, seems to be fastest for me***
#        
# DYNUDNS 

1. Create account at https://www.dynu.com/en-US/ControlPanel/CreateAccount/

2. Go to https://www.dynu.com/en-US/ControlPanel/DDNS/ and select add domain

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/3RRTPBF.jpg" width=800px height=550px>

3. Enter any name in host and select a domain in top level options for example : trinibvpn.freeddns.org

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/I1wyqim.jpg" width=800px height=500px>

4. We need to install <a href="https://github.com/ddclient/ddclient#ddclient-v391"><b>DDClient</b></a> to update external **IP** address when it changes:
           
       sudo apt-get install ddclient
       
5. Put all the parameters in the configuration file before running DDClient:
 
       sudo /usr/sbin/ddclient -daemon 300 -syslog
        
6. Open DDClient configuration file:
    
       sudo nano /etc/ddclient.conf

7. Copy&Paste text below, just change to your username, password, domain name:
     
       # ddclient configuration for Dynu
       #
       # /etc/ddclient.conf
       # Check every 5 minutes
       daemon=600
       # Log update msgs to syslog
       syslog=no
       # Record PID in file
       pid=/var/run/ddclient.pid
       # Get ip from server
       use=web, web=checkip.dynu.com/, web-skip='IP Address'
       # IP update server
       server=api.dynu.com
       protocol=dyndns2
       # Your info
       login=USERNAME
       password=PASSWORD
       DOMAINNAME
      
8. Start DDClient daemon:

       sudo systemctl restart ddclient && sudo systemctl start ddclient
        
#       
DONE !
     
# FREEDNS

1. Create account at https://freedns.afraid.org/

2. Click on “Add a subdomain” on the left and enter any subdomain name and pick any domain, but for destination put `0.0.0.0` so we can see if it updates

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/YHZC7J8.jpg">

3. We can create a script to update external **IP** address when it changes:
           
       sudo nano free.sh
       
4. Copy&Paste this line but with your token:
 
       echo url="https://freedns.afraid.org/dynamic/update.php?YOURTOKEN" | curl -k -o /home/pi/free.log -K -
        
 * To get token go to https://freedns.afraid.org/dynamic/ and click `direct url` at the botton.At the end of the link in address bar you will see token
    
 <p align="center">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/oR4Icyw.jpg">
        
5. Set permission to the file :
    
       sudo chmod 700 free.sh

6. Run this command to check if freedns updated and go to https://freedns.afraid.org/subdomain/ and check if destination option changed to your external ip
     
       sudo /home/pi/free.sh
      
7. Use a cron job to make the script run every 5 minutes

       crontab -e
        
    Add the following to the bottom of the crontab: 
        
        */5 * * * * sudo /home/pi/free.sh >/dev/null 2>&1
#        
DONE !

Commit message:

using DDclient
Now realized the script with URL or CURL command was not updating external IP when using DYNU service, so you need ddclient. FREEDNS updates fine with script update URL command. Removed DUCKDNS instructions.

Dns-Service-Guide.md, after:


<h1 align="center"><b>Creating Dynamic DNS Hostname Service</b></a></h1>

<p align="center">
<b>You can choose any of these websites:</b>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.dynu.com/"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/0MUVjFU.png" width=220px height=60px></a>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://freedns.afraid.org/"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/wu29VlI.pngg" width=220px height=60px></a>

***I'm currently using dynudns, seems to be fastest for me***
#        
# DYNUDNS 

1. Create account at https://www.dynu.com/en-US/ControlPanel/CreateAccount/

2. Go to https://www.dynu.com/en-US/ControlPanel/DDNS/ and select add domain

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/3RRTPBF.jpg" width=800px height=550px>

3. Enter any name in host and select a domain in top level options for example : trinibvpn.freeddns.org

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/I1wyqim.jpg" width=800px height=500px>

4. We need to install <a href="https://ddclient.net/"><b>DDclient</b></a> to update external **IP** address when it changes:
           
       sudo apt-get install ddclient
       
5. Put all the parameters in the configuration file before running DDclient:
 
       sudo /usr/sbin/ddclient -daemon 300 -syslog
        
6. Open DDclient configuration file:
    
       sudo nano /etc/ddclient.conf

7. Copy&Paste text below, just change to your username, password, domain name:
     
       # ddclient configuration for Dynu
       #
       # /etc/ddclient.conf
       # Check every 5 minutes
       daemon=600
       # Log update msgs to syslog
       syslog=no
       # Record PID in file
       pid=/var/run/ddclient.pid
       # Get ip from server
       use=web, web=checkip.dynu.com/, web-skip='IP Address'
       # IP update server
       server=api.dynu.com
       protocol=dyndns2
       # Your info
       login=USERNAME
       password=PASSWORD
       DOMAINNAME
      
8. Start DDclient daemon:

       sudo systemctl restart ddclient && sudo systemctl start ddclient
 
**You can reboot router and check in dynu control panel to see if ip updated. _(keep note on the last external ip you had)_**
        
#       
DONE !
     
# FREEDNS

1. Create account at https://freedns.afraid.org/

2. Click on “Add a subdomain” on the left and enter any subdomain name and pick any domain, but for destination put `0.0.0.0` so we can see if it updates

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/YHZC7J8.jpg">

3. We can create a script to update external **IP** address when it changes:
           
       sudo nano free.sh
       
4. Copy&Paste this line but with your token:
 
       echo url="https://freedns.afraid.org/dynamic/update.php?YOURTOKEN" | curl -k -o /home/pi/free.log -K -
        
 * To get token go to https://freedns.afraid.org/dynamic/ and click `direct url` at the botton.At the end of the link in address bar you will see token
    
 <p align="center">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/oR4Icyw.jpg">
        
5. Set permission to the file :
    
       sudo chmod 700 free.sh

6. Run this command to check if freedns updated and go to https://freedns.afraid.org/subdomain/ and check if destination option changed to your external ip
     
       sudo /home/pi/free.sh
      
7. Use a cron job to make the script run every 5 minutes

       crontab -e
        
    Add the following to the bottom of the crontab: 
        
        */5 * * * * sudo /home/pi/free.sh >/dev/null 2>&1
#        
DONE !
